in this digital world in which we
are currently working and
what I do For example, there are
many celebrities who have suddenly
come out of nowhere, each one who has
found their niche and popularity,
reaching a prominent place in
social networks, has earned it either
because of their innate charisma or because of other
characteristics. For example, we have the
case of Chiqui Bai. Chiqui Bai is a child
who became very popular in Spain and his
father sold fabric with him because he was
supposed to look a lot like IB and
laugh like him.
The child's career has just been ruined
with Ibai's physical change. We also
have people who have become very
popular and very famous, such as
Jado, who became popular because he had a
lot of muscle, boasted about money he didn't
have, and was shorter than the sleeves of
Jordi Wil's t-shirts. Or also, for
example, in King Lich,
a boy has recently become super popular because he
looks a lot like Will Smith, whatever,
the bastard is the same, look at him, I have no
[ __ ] idea what his name is, they call him
Will, however, there are those who can
take advantage of the moment  and resort to the
attributes that nature has given him
for example I think it's more than evident
that I am known for my incredible
physical attractiveness and my big smile but
there are also those who lack all
these qualities choose to
strategically approach people who already have
fame in order to absorb it do you
remember that movie about the witches
of dinne which are three witches and they did
this and sucked like the youth of
children well today in the video we are going to
talk not about a witch exactly but
about a girl who has known very well how to
position herself her name resonates a lot on the
net but her fame is also causing
a bit of repudiation by people and the thing is that
this girl appears in every scenario
as if she were Stanley in a
Marvel movie in a
completely Random way every time there is
something viral the moment there is something
that is getting a little attention
this girl appears from behind What's up
my kids I am Javi oliveira
welcome one more day to the Channel you already
know that here we deal with all the gossip
and all the viral topics that are
happening in networks if you didn't know me I
invite you to  that you subscribe because this is
going to become your favorite gossip channel
so get comfortable because today I'm
going to introduce you to a character that
would be what is literally known on the internet
as a Partner house get
comfortable And let's get down to business recently the
name Milica has been resonating
quite a bit but for the worse and it is that many
people have been highlighting one of
the main characteristics of this
influencer which apparently is to
appear spontaneously in the Streams
of big content creators but it
can't be that Milica is everywhere
in fact recently with Speed
on his already very popular trip to Argentina
is where this has been highlighted the most but
before looking at this topic let's do a
little review of his career and see if it is
a pattern as people say or if it
is simply a coincidence one of the
first people that Milik
squeezed his fame from and with whom it actually
ended quite badly was the streamer
Laguneta a content creator that I think I've
never talked about on this channel
but who is dedicated to football you know
that it is a content that unless
some kind of brawl is formed I am quite
detached the first communication between
both the first connection took place
Thanks to the magic of Twitter blessed
be Twitter I will always refuse to call it
x the minic thing started as a joke
like a joke that did go away also
had a lot of virality it started as a
joke because on January 1st uh I
put happy new year I don't know what who
's up for an all you can eat to get a
fork that story that one uploaded a
tweet like that to [ __ ] with and she
answered me you know like saying Hahaha eh
What's up and she started following me on both
Instagram and Twitter and and she
answers me and of course I didn't know why she had
answered me later I realized it
was because there was a user who
wrote to her to be an all you can eat
and it went really viral and I didn't know
I had made the joke because
because all my followers always screwed me
eh Au is up for an all you can eat eh all
you can eat and it must have gone
viral precisely because of that they must have
taken it out of that and I uploaded the tweet and she
answered me and of course there will be It was like
something like she thought that  maybe I
threw it out for her I threw it out for the joke
that Happy New Year who's up for
going out for an all-you-can-eat meal like you
're already thinking about food in 10 minutes
fatso what the [ __ ] are you doing that's what I call
having the prey on the radar eh From
that moment on milik seeing the numbers of
the gusa saw a golden opportunity that he did
n't want to miss so he decided to
record a Minecraft series with him he
's doing it at night and I'm scared of
monsters eh What difficulty did you
set it on ah eh I set it on hard me and
what the hell do I have Ah look look at my back
I have a tail Ah you're a cat and
why And you're a
Peruvian Why and yes at the moment that
milik realized that the interaction with the
gnet was giving him many followers he
let himself be loved as he wanted he even
allowed and provoked Well more than
allowed he provoked the chipping with the Gus
neta serving all this to grow
many numbers and seeing that it was
because they ship him she herself began to
interact more with him even reaching to
have among  quotes a kind of
date with
him esica if you put a wig on the fox ten
dosus for insulting you not to me
insult
dig has
feelings the interactions between both
counted public of saaba to notice
like this girl was what I call
forcing the role only to parasitize
when she goes out to do a Stream eh it
had gone very well it had gone very well
and there we both decided to
continue doing it and she didn't stream Aba at
that moment she didn't stream I mean she only
came from inviting my channel if it's
true that she had already become
quite well known because she was a streamer
for 3 years and had also fought in
the handstand So she was already
gaining quite a bit of popularity
again and I had invited him and then
that thing about playing Minecraft came out in a
different content we both started
doing everything on my channel and she started
learning Stream there are a lot of people already
put me eh Au started doing Stream Lic
realize that she wants numbers she wants
followers etcetera you see because
people said how it was very strange just out of
nowhere She returns to the Stream when
She comes back with me  friend realize if you I have been
making perhaps content with me
quite often and you out of nowhere You one
Thursday you do a Stream with me in person
a whole story is created in the people
you to the other the next week you do a
Stream with your ex I am not saying that it is
justified that they insult her clearly it is
always going to be wrong to insult her and
criticize her But what I had
sent to her in an audio was what do you
expect that they are going to put you understand
people I am not saying that it is okay to
insult him but they are not going to enter the
Stream to put him What a good relationship
you and your ex have I hope they last and that the
[ __ ] buneta is stupid you
understand what I am saying what happened to her with
this guy more or less was that not that
she left the Stream previously yes she
had tried but she was not
doing Stream at that time and when she
started to collaborate Well To become more
popular by collaborating with him suddenly
she wanted to take advantage of the situation and
return to live shows on her own but
of course with the audience of the Gus neta what
happened was that in one of these she
put  to do a live with a boyfriend or
ex-boyfriend of hers and the followers
began to criticize what is said out
there Well of course they believed that she
was flirting with the gun neta I
sent her a couple of audios explaining to her
what seemed to me that she has to understand
that many of me what I did not like about
her and why I ended a little half
bad with her is that she put all
the blame on me after those streams she
sends me a message telling me that it is my
fault that I sent to the community that I
sent to say that this is because I do
the same with all women and because
since I do everything the same it is obvious that they are
going to say everything to her it is obvious that they are going to
insult her and they are going to
talk to her and they are going to and I the truth is that no no no I have no
intention ever at any
time first of all because when
that Stream happened with me I was in Stream
In fact milica would not want much
on her part either to maintain the good vibes
with this Kid since even
answering it is also true you should not
say it to an indirect  Gus net
in which she doesn't mention him she cited him
to publicly state that there was
an enmity between them and nothing cited him
putting this guy does not stop playing
the victim but he doesn't receive a message
on WhatsApp or anything two days without
answering me then he throws these tweets of
rec cuckold He has me fed up seeing
that Obviously no no I didn't
like it a little because it was something of
privacy whether you like it or not and also because
I hadn't named her in the tweet it's not
that I had posted a tweet I mean
because no no it's not my intention and then
she wrote to me in the afternoon eh after
that tweet after all that
commotion that had many more likes she
much much more interaction eh had like
21000 likes all answering her
etcetera she put Car role of boyfriend breaks my
dick because he does it to farm
visits because they make fun of me the truth is that
well I repeat I never tried to put
anything together but well accusing him of
wanting to pretend that they have something to
farm visits that has been that that has
been very important family before
continuing  with the video I have to
remind you that I have several people who
are trying to take down my
YouTube channels I was explaining this to you in
previous videos I'm not going to explain it again
or bother you
in this video but I will
remind you all please that we have
Twitter we have Instagram three
Facebook pages okay you can
find me I am verified on all my
networks and I ask you all please to
follow me everywhere because
I am also very active uploading content and
that way if something happens to my channels we
have that backup with which you can
find me again in fact in the
pinned comment on this video I'm going to
leave you our WhatsApp group where I
am informing you of everything I upload I
'm chatting with you and so on you
have it pinned in the first line of the
comment box from that
moment on Milica and Laguneta stopped
collaborating forever their relationship
broke up but don't worry Milica
soon reappeared in the
Streams of another of the creators of the
moment In this case Toms Masa a
fitness streamer who is mainly
dedicated  to irl with whom he also
casually started another stage of collaborations
and coincidentally with whom he also played the
chipeo that casual all no V what do you
prefer a this I don't know if I asked you
once surely Yes also a
muscular guy a guy without muscles no
muscles atrophied or a really cool guy type
who trains but is there you have three
prototypes type soccer player
muscular type me
or or I have a lot of muscle mass a
little less or atrophied skinny I don't touch
a p in his
life it impresses me and also I have
very large ranges sio Big Next to I
would prefer them to be bigger that
is dep Okay after a while he also
started collaborating with another streamer from
Argentina quite tough ccu that I think
ccu if it is not the most popular or the
biggest in Argentina is on the way with
kocu apart from that he collaborated on a video
inspired by the format of the next program
which is something like you are looking for
partners no and you are discarding
suitors watch out with this se Lora
[Music]
conquer this is the entrance and techie
ten Hello friend no  okay to say friend here
we have to roleplay let's see start my
love eh good shirt thanks I took a shower and
I cut my hair look what's your name and You
recently got a haircut Yes
introduce yourself please meet people Hi I'm
Mica not Mili Milica Mica Hey thanks for
coming incredible I didn't expect it 4
hours ago Already at Martn I don't ask you to hold your
hand like with your hand yes a touch but the
anxiety is she's nervous
friend eh eh what friend eh She's not
nervous love with kocu there was an issue
that we will also talk about later
because Milica uploaded a post a photo on
her Instagram stories in which she
was in Czu's bathroom
everyone obviously recognized
Czu's bathroom because the Argentine has also
uploaded some photos in that bathroom I
think she was perfectly
aware that everyone was going to
recognize CCU's bathroom. What I
can't understand because I don't see, it's not that
I go around taking pictures
everywhere but when I do take pictures
the truth is the times that I know how to get in to
take a picture are not usually in
people's bathrooms  unless you want to be
related to them but well
that will be a topic we will discuss
later this past Halloween milica
also posted a popularity pic I
actually think the first time I heard
about her was there and it was because she was invited to
an in-person event that ma
blit Ari Gameplays's sister was organizing and it
turned out to be much more than a simple
party besides her
other influencers were invited to the party such as
Comanche or Juan Guarnizo in
fact she appeared accompanying Juan
better known as El camas I know this
is hard but it's the truth thousands I sleep
very well the clip of milica showing up
at the party with Juan Guarnizo went
super viral and everyone started
speculating so you can be found on your
social networks Juan ese Guarnizo and
so on Hi, I'm Milica I have to
say my age
everything I'm Milica just the information that
you would like to
share laana of possible very very pretty
incredible and she comes from Argentina
she said there's going to be a party and she came to my
party especially for that
from Argentina especially to my party
the relevant thing about this click is not the
click as such  And what is happening
in it that you just saw but what
happened next is that
certain images that Milik uploaded to her
networks went viral I want you to remember when you are
watching now the explanation that they gave
in the chat I want you to remember what I just
told you also about ccu
And it is that Milik uploaded to her
social networks a photograph where we could
recognize the headboard of the famous
Juan Guarnizo bed and where we could
also recognize in a corner of the
photo Juan's dog it is
Juan's dog you see this mark that is here a
little mark
eye but let's see how how is it possible let's
see Change the previous photo please
again Don't [ __ ] with me
Tom Juan the [ __ ]
who doesn't learn is lying on top of
the dog How is this possible she sleeps on top of the dog she
is on top of the dog
the dog is like that no I mean she is not on her
side or in other words what she has on top are the
bangs Yeah or this is the mark on the
dog side like this me me When I just
saw this photo the first time I thought it
was a cojillo but And now they
killed me  the photo of the dog with the
brand Yes me too maraja you when
you only have an affair with someone let them
take a picture with your dogs Well yes they
are a good couple of dogs also
in the photo that milica uploaded the background and
the green pillow match this
photo that Juan also uploaded to his
Stories but this would not be the only
image there is also another of milica that
matches an old photo of Ari in
what appears to be Juan's room
come on milica what do you want to tell
me that you did not upload that photo
on purpose come on man who
knows more devil for being old than for being the devil
this shipping issue gained even more strength
when milik argued with kzu since
this in a Stream bringing up the subject he
told her clearly assuring that in
reality she was the one who encouraged it she is
like your literal little sister I
feel like she is my little sister Marto it's
just that she is trolling you no dude but it
could conica me because on top of that milica it
seems like
nothing to her to take a photo in the bathroom and poke that we already talked about it if you don't explain it well in  the Stream
then people insult me and you
love washing your hands and stories
in the bathroom at the entrance of your house I uploaded
a million times the day we did the
egg thing the times I went I have a
photo H conle there and upload one Ah no
how are you going to upload that photo no just that
week they had me in point that
shitty community what they did was make a
mess and you grab the first thing to
do your fault but stop it's my fault it's
your fault to be morbid with Mines and
then every time you have a relationship with
someone they chip you it's
your fault tell me with whom with which mine
morbidities tell me one one one one and when
morbidities I don't know but you make jokes you make
jokes with double meanings and then you have
the 12 year old kids who already generate a
bond do you understand a joke with double
meaning that I have made in my life I do
n't remember but the jokes I
make are all about that you lost a
boxing match and that you play Minecraft fight
that fight I'm throwing facts the
chat recognizes it or rather me with the  The only
person I made jokes with that didn't make sense
is with the Colombian woman, well, you noticed
the chick. How she always follows a pattern, do
you remember what she did with the gusa, she
was forcing the role with him, she was
participating in the shipping, she knew that it
was benefiting her and she ended up
blaming him, accusing him. In addition to the fact that it's
always the same with other women
and blah blah blah, he's looking for czu, we
all know the roll that
ccu has with women and that he tends to be like that,
let's say naughty for not saying something else,
this is not the video, but he
starts to throw it in coku's face that since
he's a guy who tends to flirt and
fool around with the women
around him, that because of cocu they're
linking her to him when you've
approached him, precisely because of that.
Knowing that, it's incredible, milica dude, what a
historic climber, dude. I felt
bad because I remembered that whole week that they
really made fun of me a lot, they
make fun of me a lot when I relate to
barn and it's a p no  It's for something that you
can tell me otherwise they tease me a
lot or rather they take the trouble Dee a lot
Okay Sorry I didn't want to cry water anes
okay people Eh
nothing again I'm going to tell her I'm going
to tell her too Stream Obviously because she's my
friend because I love her we've known each other
for a long time from one moment
to the next Milica changed objectives and suddenly began to appear in the WC puro live streams Random from [Applause] [Music] Colombia someone has to quear today for this to be I'm going to stand up for the team one everything became quite common to see her spawn in the WestCol live streams
where we could always see her very
close so as not to miss the shot
sisas it becomes a bicycle kick goal daddy
I changed nationality today I'm asking for
a
colonial dove And the thing is that Milica got to the point of
appearing just for the sake of appearing in the
WC streams you see for example any
Deos doll or the screen or the flowerpot
that is there well Milica on many
occasions appeared just for the sake of appearing or rather she
sat next to it as if it were a vase
and And  that was all his contribution appearing just
for appearing I don't know what happened today for
a reaction like that I still don't understand
What happened today dude I don't understand What happened
today I don't understand broo I am
really can you tell me br whatever in my
mind there is no reason for his reaction there is no I don't
see even a joke I don't see
a problem in my mind well I
would have to talk to someone but
well we arrived at the moment in which we
find ourselves today and because of what
is being talked about so much in the
last few hours and there are people who
claim that she is just like Speed I show
Speed which you surely know is The
youtuber Well I think he is the
most popular streamer on Youtube in
North America or at least the most
addicted and here is the one that will
surely have already become
milica's main interaction in the
year 2025 Starting with Pit's chat
that you already know is traveling
through Latin America the other day he was in
Colombia wbc accompanied him and now in
Argentina Speed has accompanied him
apparently he was calling ccu but ccu for
whatever  he couldn't well anyway he
's in Argentina the moment he
arrived in Argentina his chat started
joking telling p to detonate himself
marry Argentinian milica And aica will
surely detonate any creator who is
watching this video Although no one is going to get
wet if there is a streamer who is
making jokes that he wants to detonate and
also a very peculiar guy who
is traveling to Argentina surely would not
agree to continue with that joke
but this is not the case with milica as it
could not be otherwise in the commotion of
p's tour through Argentina milik appeared
from behind as if he were Stanley
having of course his cameo
this type of appearances of milica in
some other irl of
popular creators that have a lot of viewers
is already customary it is quite usual I do
not follow the content of
Argentinian creators in particular but I
see a lot of TV Twitter people
complaining Because milica wherever there is
a creator doing irl appears from
behind And a person responds to him thinks
of my editions no and here he leaves an
edition Well I can't say much either
because mine are [ __ ] and
milica responds  Yeah they are a load of [ __ ] and what does
Milica say Sorry what they
say to a thousand loads of [ __ ] I ate to
be famous the rest of Speed's Stream
even though her moment and the joke that they
look alike It's over we keep
watching her sucking on the camera as much as she could
Milica for her part commented in the Stream
that one of the security guards had
asked her for a picture because he knew her and that she was
tender because she didn't
know him of course Milica surely
knew you from your great Stream he
was roleplaying all day he was bad he would
come out and push people and
scream and everyone would move But why are
you scared the guy his arms like that and he
touches me and
makes me feel so tender I
couldn't believe that oh that guy had
asked me for a picture but also he asked me for a
picture he took it with their camera and
left I don't know him anyway he knows
me I don't know him and and it makes me feel
so tender like there was a chance that
I would think in my life that that guy would
take a picture of that  way I do
n't know what you guys think, I think I've
become quite an expert in these types
of cases and I think we're facing a
clear case of ca Partner of the time By
the way, there are a lot of people who are
complaining because you have to see that
the girls are getting a lot of hate
and undeserved criticism, I don't know what
you all think about this reaction
that milica has had towards a person
who appeared in her chat to criticize her
your mom who walks around everywhere
walking around asking to be caught
crying her head off all [ __ ] day as if you could
come try to whitewash it
here rest assured that today your mom is
not here but because I'm very
tired and my legs hurt and you don't
know the [ __ ] she gave her that
left her limping limping she's going to be crying in the
street no posh but surely Pete and
well family what I would love
is to know your opinion and what
impression she gives you I think
we are probably facing a character
who is going to give us a lot to talk about in
2025 so we will not take her off our
radar I am reading you  the
comment box don't forget what I
told you join our
WhatsApp group Twitter Instagram Facebook
everywhere we are there I'll wait for you
kiss gorgeous damn